Szerintem az az apróság, amiről meséltem neked a következő:

Virtuális foci bajnokság helyett átváltunk Valódi , tényleges (élő) focira .

Predikciós Rendszerünk teljes tartalmát , bemutatom számodra:


----------------------------------
sportradar.com

"https://developer.sportradar.com/soccer/reference/soccer-extended-overview"

----------------------------------

1:soccer-overview

"Overview
Introduction
Our Soccer API provides real-time game updates and a vast database of supplementary statistics for the largest leagues in the world. Data is collected via Sportradar on-venue scouts and in-house operators.

650+ unique competitions are available in one package. See our Coverage Matrix for a detailed breakdown of competitions and data offered.

The Soccer API is consistent in structure, format and behavior with the other General Sport APIs. Primary feeds will return seasons, competitions, team/player data and real-time scores.

Additional feeds provide a host of complementary stats, including:

Live standings for top leagues
League leaders
Win probabilities for every match
Lineups with formations
Seasonal statistics
Season leaders
Missing/Injured players
Live ball-spotting data (x,y coordinates for events on the field)
Head-to-head statistics
Fun facts
Additional packages include:

An enhanced API package containing Extended Stats
Two delivery Push Feeds to enhance speed (real-time customers only)
Soccer Probabilities. This add-on includes in-game probability updates and season outrights.

🗝️
Authentication is required for all API calls.

API Map
To best utilize the Soccer v4 API, you will need several parameters to create your API calls. The map below illustrates how you can obtain the parameters you need.

Primary and mapping feeds only require dates, human-readable parameters or a Competition Id (which can be found in the competitions endpoint), while other feeds require a global unique identifier (GUID) to identify the sport event, competitor, or player that the feed will describe. The primary feeds provide GUIDs for sport events, competitions, and competitors, while sport event and competitors provide GUIDS for players.


Endpoint Descriptions
Competition Info – Provides the name, id, and parent id for a given competition.

Competition Seasons – Provides historical season information for a given competition. Competitions will return a maximum of three seasons of data, including current or newly created seasons.

Competitions – Provides a list of all available Soccer competitions.

Competitor Mappings – Provides competitor id mapping between previous versions of the Soccer API.

Competitor Profile – Provides top-level information for a given team, including the full team roster, manager, home venue, and team colors.

Competitor Schedules – Provides all upcoming scheduled matches and results for the past 30 matches for a given team.

Competitor Summaries – Provides previous and upcoming match information for a given competitor, including statistics for past matches and scheduling info for upcoming matches.

Competitor Versus Competitor – Provides previous and upcoming matches between two teams including scoring information, player and team match statistics.

Daily Schedules – Provides a list of scheduled matches for a given day.

Daily Summaries – Provides match information for a given day including team scoring, player and team match statistics.

League Timeline – Provides an alternate set of statistics for an event which match official league sites. Official stats are provided for: England Premier League, Germany Bundesliga, Italy Serie A, Spain La Liga, UEFA Champions League, USA MLS, Austria Bundesliga.

Live Schedules – Provides match information for all currently live matches. This feed updates in real time as matches are played. Matches appear a few minutes before kick-off and disappear a few minutes after the match reaches “ended” status.

Live Summaries – Provides match information for all currently live matches including team scoring, player and team match statistics. This feed updates in real time as matches are played. Matches appear a few minutes before kick-off and disappear a few minutes after the match reaches “ended” status.

Live Timelines – Provides a play-by-play event timeline for currently live matches. Matches appear a few minutes before kick-off and disappear a few minutes after the match reaches “ended” status.

Live Timelines Delta – Provides a 10 second live delta of match information, including scoring and a play-by-play event timeline.

Player Mappings – Provides player id mapping between previous versions of the Soccer API.

Player Merge Mappings – Provides valid ids for players who have had their profiles merged. While Sportradar always strives to provide one unique player id, it is a possibility for two ids to be created. This feed provides the correct id once profiles have been merged.

Player Profile – Provides player information, including current and historical team membership info.

Player Schedules – Provides schedules and results of the last 10 matches played for a given player.

Player Summaries – Provides match info and statistics for the past 10 matches in which a given player participated.

Season Competitors – Provides a list of teams participating for a given season.

Season Information – Provides detailed information for a given season, including participating teams and coverage level.

Season Leaders – Provides a list of leaders for a given season. Statistics include points, goals, assists, cards, and minutes played.

Season Lineups – Provides match lineups and substitutions for a given season.

Season Links – Provides information about linked cup rounds for a given season. Use this feed to compile full advancement brackets for relevant seasons/tournaments. Links between all matches and rounds are available when competitors (TBD vs. TBD) are not yet known.

Season Missing Players – Provides a list of injured and/or missing players for a given season.

Season Over/Under Statistics – Provides the over/under match goal totals for all teams in a given season.

Season Players – Provides names and ids for all participating players for a given season.

Season Probabilities – Provides 3-way win probabilities (home team win, away team win, draw) for all matches for a given season.

Season Schedule – Provides basic match information for all matches for a given season, including scoring and match coverage.

Season Standings – Provides detailed standings info for a given season.

Season Summaries – Provides information for all matches from a given season including scoring and statistics at the match level.

Season Transfers – Provides a list of all player transfers for a given season.

Seasonal Competitor Players – Provides player roster information for every team from a given season.

Seasonal Competitor Statistics – Provides team and player seasonal statistics for a given season.

Seasons – Provides a list of historical season information for all competitions. Competitions will return a maximum of three seasons of data, including current or newly created seasons.

Sport Event Fun Facts – Provides noteworthy, human-readable, facts based on statistical information about a given match and its competing teams.

Sport Event Lineups – Provides detailed roster information for a given match. Starting players, substitutions, formation type, and channel availability are included if supported by coverage level.

Sport Event Summary – Provides real-time match-level statistics for a given match. Including player and team stats, scoring info, and channel availability. Please note that data returned is determined by coverage level.

Sport Event Timeline – Provides real-time match-level statistics and a play-by-play event timeline for a given match. This includes player and team stats, scoring info, channel availability, x/y event coordinates, and human-readable event descriptions. Please note that data returned is determined by coverage level.

Sport Events Created – Provides ids for sport events that have been created in the last 24 hours.

Sport Events Removed – Provides ids for sport events that have been removed from the API.

Sport Events Updated – Provides ids for sport events that have been updated in the last 24 hours.

Push Events – Provides real-time event updates for all live matches.

Push Statistics - Provides real-time team and player match-level statistics for all live matches.

Live Probabilities - Provides top-level information for live matches. If probabilities are available for a match, pre-match and live probabilities will be displayed.

Season Outright Probabilities - Provides a list of outright probabilities for each competitor from a given season.

Sport Event Probabilities - Provides pre-match and live probabilities for a given match.

Sport Event Upcoming Probabilities - Provides a list of IDs for upcoming sport events in the next 24 hours.

Timeline Probabilities - Provides a timeline of pre-match and live probability changes for a given match. This also provides match information including player stats, team stats, and scoring info.

🎲
Probabilities Endpoints
Available only with the probabilities plan within the Soccer v4 package. See our FAQ for details.

Data Retrieval Samples
To find the fun facts for a given match:

Call the daily summaries for the date of the match and find the Sport Event Id for the chosen match
Call the Sport Event Fun Facts using the Sport Event Id
Locate the Fact Statement
The fun facts for the match are displayed.

To find a teams number of goals by headers for the current season:

Call the daily summaries and find the desired Competitor Id
Make note of the Season Id for the current season
Call the seasonal competitor statistics using the Team Id and Season Id
Locate the statistics - goals_by_head
The teams number of goals by headers is displayed.


Integration Links

OpenAPI Specs
Our Soccer API is available via OpenAPI. Click below to view and/or download the spec.

Soccer v4 OpenAPI

Soccer v4 Probabilities OpenAPI


Postman Workspace

Our entire Media APIs are available on Postman. Click the link above to be taken directly to our Soccer API collection.

Feel free to follow and/or fork any collections to receive updates.


Schema Download
Open the zip file below to access our entire Soccer API XSD schema.

Soccer v4 Schema


Failover Info
If our scout feed goes down or becomes unavailable, Sportradar takes over Live Data Entry (LDE) to provide a failover.

In case of a failover, we follow one of the following scenarios:

We are unable to provide deeper player or team stats, such as shots, corners, assists, and offsides. We will deliver only basic stats and events such as goals, cards, and substitutions with player names.
We are unable to provide deeper player or team stats and player names for all basic events, such as cards, substitutions, shots, corners, assists, and offsides. We will display player names for goals.
"
-----------------------------------------------
